watch out any LCS teams we got we got
stuff cooking well it's the second week
of summer split I'm joined right now by
pol Beltre with coverage presented by
Omni slash talk a little bit about team
liquids rampage so what just happened in
that game and why do you think you were
able to pull off the win mmm well at the
start of the game we were winning all
three lanes like pretty hard the bot was
just getting solo kills like the burned
Ezreal flash level when they got solar
kills and then top impact said it was
typable I was winning Lane so it's
pushing out and then we just came up
into top two so it felt like a really
free game from that point as long as we
didn't throw so we just played like
really slowly I died twice sucks but
overall I think we played pretty clean
macro wise and then we just took the
game safely slowly make any crazy plays
but you know took every every one of
their buffs every dragon and then just
won the game yeah do you did you know
that today is spends birthday I did
happy birthdays fen yeah you you didn't
really deliver I'm a great birthday gift
no do you feel guilty at all no all
right what is this tool is it nice for
you to be TSM is it different than
beating other teams uh I don't know I
guess this still feels satisfying I
guess cuz they have a lot of fans and
then it's like gif noob yeah okay
that's the one way to take it do you do
you think I I expected TSM to recover
pretty strongly from what was a a
less-than-stellar spring split for them
do you feel like they're gonna be able
to do that or what's kind of going on
over there do you think they'll probably
do okay I think they got really good
players so you know probably bounce back
what do I think is going on with them I
have no idea
[Music]
yeah no include you I was interviewing
prolly earlier just to switch topics a
little bit and he was saying that scrims
are just insane right now in North
America because he said they're there
every trying different stuff they're all
experimental I was like those sound like
screams that I would want to watch like
we should broadcast those instead LCS
he's like no you don't
want to see these scripts I don't know
if that's just on the hundred T side or
do you feel like screams are just really
whacking xenia right now it's a mix
there's some standard games somewhere
the Chiefs comes out like the crazy cold
funneling strats like teriyaki or Kaiser
Aleutian things like that yeah sometimes
you're just crazy pigs bought to like
mage BOTS are kind of rising in
popularity - Leah bot Swain bought like
killings kind of it's not like it's not
that insane I mean if you see it on
stage in Korea and EU a lot like na and
LPL are pretty chill so far but in Korea
you can kind of see like those strats
are seeing there are kind of what's
being practiced in scrims you why do you
why are they being practiced in scrims
but not being executed on the main stage
probably just teams aren't that
confident enough in it yet like maybe
the execution is bad or maybe the
enemies have a really good strategy to
counter it that could be one reason I
think another reason obviously you know
U is pulling out the strats even though
it's best with one but I think best of
ones add some reason as to why you
wouldn't want to play that way - it's
it's kind of like foreign against like
it just increases the volatility of the
match pretty much by pulling out a strap
that has been practiced that much and so
yeah some teams will kind of be like
okay that seems like a great way that we
could like choose a game or it's I don't
even know if you could call it cheese at
this point because it's like a legit
strat but basically if you were in lck
like those teams we were all doing that
like week one pretty much and then it
was like if they failed it the first
game tarik mastery then they'd just play
standard for the next two games but we
don't really have that luxury do you do
you expect to play more standard for
team like it seems like you guys are
relying more on just standard play
especially after the loss against golden
Guardians is that what we should expect
to see in the future are you guys a
little more adverse to the risk I'm down
for whatever we've been like pretty
closely evaluating like how we should be
playing to and if we should be adopting
any of these new strategies for on stage
and then so I'm really ready like
whatever the team needs I can do you
know who knows maybe you'll see me in
vault lane next to be playing like
Toledo some would that be fun for
you would you like that that sounds like
a fun little switch
and I guess it Elena with like always
it's like a new dynamic
I'm Peter can finally have the lane that
he wants right yeah Peter can have all
four members of the team just supporting
him and shielding him and giving him
farm I mean he he used to get that a lot
before I'm surprised that you guys
haven't done more gold funneling cuz
like the protect the double if comp and
that whole meme is a sort of a thing
that's persisted for a while but
probably you know for good reason I
guess yeah it's just kind of a joke like
you know he likes to play that way but
we're all we're all flexible people and
then you know we just haven't really
shown it on stage it but watch out any
LCS teams we got we got stuff cooking I
have I have heard from a lot of people
that just think that gold funneling
thing isn't good like it's not fun or
they just are like get rid of gold
funneling are you in that camp yeah it's
boring as hell when you play Tareq for
ambassador you you can just feel your
soul withering away as you're just like
you know six screams a day you're just
for eight hours playing Tareq not doing
anything pretty much just standing like
a like a tail to Master Yi just like
pressing W on him pressing your spills
like oh did you kill everyone we won oh
did he up
we lost well they're they're addressing
the Terek East off right in a future
patch yeah but it's gonna be the same
thing with like bronchitis though
actually almost like something I think I
so I heard something similar and then I
heard that that stuff is a come out now
like the patch notes or whatever teased
I'm not sure I'm not trying to I'm I
promise I'm not trying to entrap you I
just I was talking to some another pro
player who similarly was like I don't
know if I was supposed to say this and
then I think it's been said either way
whatever we can move on and move on how
are things that seem like what how are
things going for you I remember at the
start of this year you were saying you
wanted to really like prove yourself and
say that you could be like one of these
outstanding na mids Jensen it's not even
here anymore so you don't have to worry
about him how do you feel about sort of
your standing and how you've been
approaching this year so far I feel like
I'm doing okay I feel like I'm playing
pretty well actually like even that last
game it probably looked ugly as hell if
you were I don't know maybe I
yeah basically I don't know but I think
I'm doing pretty well hmm are you still
on that mission to prove yourself as
like one of the outstanding in a meds I
think I'm just trying to look for
validation from within myself and within
my team because I think that's what's
most important yeah that's good
is there anything you want to say tuning
the fans out there Thanks thank you so
much well tour for the interview
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to for things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him and doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him